---
title: Test-CsReplica
TOCTitle: Test-CsReplica
ms:assetid: cef1fcda-3292-411a-b3dd-7a8ef7935b20
ms:mtpsurl: https://technet.microsoft.com/zh-cn/library/JJ205289(v=OCS.15)
ms:contentKeyID: 49314296
ms.date: 05/19/2016
mtps_version: v=OCS.15
ms.translationtype: HT
---

# Test-CsReplica

 

_**上一次修改主题：** 2015-03-09_

Verifies the status of the replica service on the local computer. The replica service is used to replicate information among all the Lync Server 2013 computers in your topology. 此 cmdlet 是在 Lync Server 2013 中引入的。

## 语法

    Test-CsReplica [-GlobalCatalog <Fqdn>] [-GlobalSettingsDomainController <Fqdn>] [-Report <String>]

## Examples

## Example 1

The command shown in Example 1 tests the Lync Server 2013 replica service on the local computer. In this example the Verbose parameter is used to ensure that information about the test – including the eventual failure or success of the test as well as the location of the report generated by the test – is displayed on screen.

    Test-CsReplica -Verbose

## Example 2

Example 2 is a variation of the command shown in Example 1. In this case, however, the Report parameter is included in order to specify a folder path and name for the report generated by the test. If you do not specify a report path the report will be given an auto-generated name similar to this:

C:\\Users\\Administrator.Litwareinc\\AppData\\Local\\Temp\\1\\Test-Cs-Replica-3db40ee0-4b5d-4f58-8d3d-b1e61253129e.html

    Test-CsReplica -Verbose -Report C:\Logs\ReplicaTest.html

## Detailed Description

The **Test-CsReplica** cmdlet verifies that the Lync Server 2013 replica service is running on the local computer. The **Test-CsReplica** cmdlet performs such tasks as: checking the status of the Replicator Agent and Centralized Logging Agent services; verifying that the required ports have been opened in the Windows Firewall; and ensuring that the necessary Active Directory and local computer security groups exist.

Note that this cmdlet must be run locally; that is, it must be run on the same computer where the replica service is running. There are no options for running the **Test-CsReplica** cmdlet against a remote server.

**Lync Server 控制面板:** The functions carried out by the **Test-CsReplica** cmdlet are not available in the Lync Server 控制面板.

## 参数


<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
<col style="width: 25%" />
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Parameter</th>
<th>Required</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><em>GlobalCatalog</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Deploy.Fqdn</p></td>
<td><p>Fully qualified domain name of a global catalog server in your domain. This parameter is not required if you are running the <strong>Test-CsReplica</strong> cmdlet on a computer with an account in your domain.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><em>GlobalSettingsDomainController</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Deploy.Fqdn</p></td>
<td><p>Fully qualified domain name of a domain controller in your domain. This parameter is not required if you are running the <strong>Test-CsReplica</strong> cmdlet on a computer with an account in your domain.</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><em>Report</em></p></td>
<td><p>Optional</p></td>
<td><p>System.String</p></td>
<td><p>Enables you to specify a file path for the log file created when the cmdlet runs. For example:</p>
<p>-Report &quot;C:\Logs\ReplicaTest.html&quot;</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>


## Input Types

None. The **Test-CsReplica** cmdlet does not accept pipelined input.

## Return Types

The **Test-CsReplica** cmdlet returns an instance of the Microsoft.Rtc.SyntheticTransactions.TaskOutput object.

